#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
amqp==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kombu
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
appnope==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==21.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
authlib==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   safety
babel==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
backcall==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
bcrypt==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   paramiko
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   html2markdown
    #   webtest
    #   celery
black==24.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-black
bleach==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach-whitelist==0.0.11
    # via -r requirements.in
boolean-py==5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   license-expression
boto3==1.38.30
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.38.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
cachecontrol[filecache]==0.14.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-audit
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
celery==5.3.6
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   nltk
    #   pip-tools
    #   safety
    #   typer
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
coverage[toml]==6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==44.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   authlib
    #   django-auth-adfs
    #   paramiko
cyclonedx-python-lib==9.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-audit
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipdb
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   py-serializable
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via -r requirements.in
detect-secrets==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==5.0.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-auth-adfs
    #   django-clear-cache
    #   django-configurations
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-redis
    #   django-storages
    #   model-bakery
django-auth-adfs==1.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-clear-cache==0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-configurations==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-debug-toolbar==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==25.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ratelimit==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-simple-history==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages==1.14.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-webtest==1.9.13
    # via -r requirements.in
doc8==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   notifications-python-client
docutils==0.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   doc8
    #   restructuredtext-lint
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
dparse==0.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   safety
    #   safety-schemas
envdir==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
executing==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
fabric==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cachecontrol
    #   safety
flake8==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-flake8
freezegun==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
hiredis==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
html2markdown==0.1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   safety
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
imagesize==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
invoke==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fabric
ipdb==0.13.9
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipdb
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
isort==5.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-isort
jedi==0.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   safety
    #   sphinx
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
kombu==5.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
license-expression==30.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cyclonedx-python-lib
lxml==4.9.3
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown==3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
marshmallow==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   safety
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
model-bakery==1.20.4
    # via -r requirements.in
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cachecontrol
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
nltk==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   safety
notifications-python-client==10.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
packageurl-python==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cyclonedx-python-lib
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   bleach
    #   build
    #   dparse
    #   gunicorn
    #   pip-audit
    #   pip-requirements-parser
    #   pytest
    #   safety
    #   safety-schemas
    #   sphinx
paramiko==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fabric
parso==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
pathlib2==2.3.7.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fabric
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
pbr==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stevedore
pep517==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pip-api==0.0.34
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-audit
pip-audit==2.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pip-requirements-parser==32.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-audit
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   pip-audit
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click-repl
    #   ipython
psutil==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   safety
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
py-serializable==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cyclonedx-python-lib
pycodestyle==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   safety
    #   safety-schemas
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pyflakes==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   doc8
    #   ipython
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-auth-adfs
    #   notifications-python-client
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   paramiko
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-requirements-parser
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pytest==8.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-black
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-flake8
    #   pytest-isort
pytest-black==0.3.12
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-flake8==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-isort==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   freezegun
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   babel
    #   celery
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   detect-secrets
redis==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-redis
regex==2022.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cachecontrol
    #   detect-secrets
    #   django-auth-adfs
    #   notifications-python-client
    #   pip-audit
    #   safety
    #   sphinx
restructuredtext-lint==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   doc8
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-audit
    #   typer
ruamel-yaml==0.18.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   safety
    #   safety-schemas
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ruamel-yaml
ruff==0.11.7
    # via -r requirements.in
safety==3.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
safety-schemas==0.0.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   safety
sentry-sdk==1.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typer
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
    #   click-repl
    #   pathlib2
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cyclonedx-python-lib
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==3.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinx-rtd-theme==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
stevedore==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   doc8
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   safety
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipdb
    #   pip-audit
    #   pytest-black
tomli==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coverage
    #   pep517
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   safety
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typed-ast==1.5.4
    # via -r requirements.in
typer==0.15.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   safety
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   safety
    #   safety-schemas
    #   typer
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   django-auth-adfs
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
waitress==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   webtest
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
webob==1.8.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   webtest
webtest==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-webtest
wheel==0.38.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
whitenoise==5.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deprecated
zipp==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
clamd==1.0.2

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools